So welcome back, guys.
Now let us discuss one more example of writing and iterative macro.
Now, in this example, we will learn how to write Ateret a macro to iterate over binary search trees
write.
So this will make you realize that how powerful and necessary is writing it to make macros for walking
over data structures so fast, you should know the algorithm to iterate over a binary substrate in in
order sequence.
Now, I'm sure a short recursive program that you must have learned in your academics must be crossing
your mind.
So here is a little surprise for you.
Assume that each of the three has a pointer to its parent, right?
So because of this assumption that is each node of a tree also has a pointer to its parent, there is
absolutely no need to write any recursive function to ETrade or all the nodes of a binary stream.
So whenever in a tree data structure A. has a pointer to its parent, you can easily implement any non
recursive logic or what created a structure that isn't being that recursive logic performs very poorly
as compared to equivalent Ateret of logic.
So let us suppose that the falling structure represents a node of a tree, so you can see that as usual,
you have a pointer to the left node, you have a pointer to the right node.
But also there is additional pointer which points to the parent of a node.
And of course, you have a member which is towards the data.
So simply, this structure represents the node of a binary sastry, and this data structure simply represents
a tree, and in order to have an access to the entire tree, all you need is a pointer to the root of
the tree.
So now I expect you that you at least know already how to insert a node in a binary sastry.
So now we need to do some homework before we could write an iterative macro to iterate over a binary
South Street.
So remember, the iterative macro that we were going to write will be non recursive algorithm, which
will be used to iterate over all the nodes of a binary search street.
I understand that you can write a recursive algorithm to iterate over all the nodes of a binary search
street.
But as I illustrated that we will not going to write any recursive logic because recursive functions
performs very poorly as compared to equivalent iterative logic.
So your iterative macro must facilitate to iterate over all the nodes of a binary sastry using Falu
instead of any recursive logic.
So going forward, you can see on the right hand side I have drawn a sample binary South Stream.
So our goal is that given a binary sastry right.
A macro to iterate in in order sequence over all the words of a binary south street.
Right.
And we need to obey or respect the following constraint.
You are not allowed to write any recursive logic.
You should be able to start iteration from any starting node of a binary stream.
Every node in a binary.
Sastry also has a pointer to its parent.
We need to implement Abilio Macro so our macro would look something like this that is outraged by the
results.
Rebegin, pass the pointer to the tree data structure and pass the pointer to the node of a tree initially
initialized to null.
And this macro.
Should I turn it over all the nodes of a binary sastry each time setting this tree node point to point
to a node of a binary search tree.
So inside this loop you can perform any customized processing you would want to perform on a node of
a binary such tree.
So you want to try before we discuss the approach.
So before going forward and see the solution, I would like you to give it a try that how you would
implement this macro.
Remember, the principles of implementing this macro is also the same as in case of link list, which
we have already discussed.
So in the next slide we will discuss the approach to implement the macro outrate binary search tree
begin.
Right.